SoundBrush
==========

A sonified coloring book!

SoundBrush is an interactive painting and audio plaback application for the android operating system. Users can 
color in pre-outlined images or paint on a blank canvas for more visual freedom.

Version 1.0
========================
This app was made during the span of February 23-24, 2013 for the University of Miami's UHACK Hackathon event. 

Intro and gallery view music was created by Matt Kyprie. Brush sound effects were downloaded from open source
websites from the internet. All other sounds present are completely generated by the application through a mixture
of different wavetypes based on the color used and the location of that particular pixel.

INSTRUCTIONS:
========================

Menu Options:
------------------------
Color:        Chooses the paintbrush color, in order to select color, user must tap a region on the color wheel and then
              confirm that color by tapping the center circle.
Emboss:       Changes brush type such that all brush strokes are embossed.
Blur:         Changes brush type such that all brush strokes are blurred.
Erase:        Changes brush type to eraser, erases all colors the user brushes on top of.
SrcATop:      Changes brush type so that the user can layer the currently selected color on top of already drawn brush strokes.
Brush Size:   Changes brush radius, allowing user to select a radius between 1 and 501;
Alpha Value:  Changes brush stroke opacity, values range from 1 to 255;
Picture Menu: Takes you to the gallery menu in order to select a different canvas.
PLAY:         Plays back the image sound.
STOP:         Stops playback.
Set Time:     Time multiplier
Major/Minor:  Toggles playback scale between major and minor. 


Credits (in Alphabetical Order):
================================

Art:
----------------------
Shareen Dookie (amarararah.wordpress.com)

Programming:
----------------------
Daniel Dyre-Greensite 
Eric Fields
Matthew Kyprie (sites.google.com/site/mattkyprie)
Ebtissam "Ebby" Wahman (ebbyw.com)
